statusArray[1] = NotAFinding
statusArray[2] = NotAFinding
statusArray[3] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[4] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[5] = NotAFinding
statusArray[6] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[7] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[8] = NotAFinding
statusArray[9] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[10] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[11] = NotAFinding
statusArray[12] = NotAFinding
statusArray[13] = NotAFinding
statusArray[14] = NotAFinding
statusArray[15] = NotAFinding
statusArray[16] = NotAFinding
statusArray[17] = NotAFinding
statusArray[18] = NotAFinding
statusArray[19] = NotAFinding
statusArray[20] = NotAFinding
statusArray[21] = NotAFinding
statusArray[22] = NotAFinding
statusArray[23] = NotAFinding
statusArray[24] = NotAFinding
statusArray[25] = NotAFinding
statusArray[26] = NotAFinding
statusArray[27] = NotAFinding
statusArray[28] = NotAFinding
statusArray[29] = NotAFinding
statusArray[30] = NotAFinding
statusArray[31] = Open
statusArray[32] = Open
statusArray[33] = Open
statusArray[34] = NotAFinding
statusArray[35] = NotAFinding
statusArray[36] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[37] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[38] = NotAFinding
statusArray[39] = NotAFinding
statusArray[40] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[41] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[42] = Open
statusArray[43] = NotAFinding
statusArray[44] = NotAFinding
statusArray[45] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[46] = NotAFinding
statusArray[47] = NotAFinding
statusArray[48] = NotAFinding
statusArray[49] = NotAFinding
statusArray[50] = NotAFinding
statusArray[51] = NotAFinding
statusArray[52] = NotAFinding
statusArray[53] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[54] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[55] = NotAFinding
statusArray[56] = NotAFinding
statusArray[57] = NotAFinding
statusArray[58] = NotAFinding
statusArray[59] = NotAFinding
statusArray[60] = NotAFinding
statusArray[61] = NotAFinding
statusArray[62] = NotAFinding
statusArray[63] = NotAFinding
statusArray[64] = NotAFinding
statusArray[65] = NotAFinding
statusArray[66] = NotAFinding
statusArray[67] = NotAFinding
statusArray[68] = NotAFinding
statusArray[69] = NotAFinding
statusArray[70] = NotAFinding
statusArray[71] = NotAFinding
statusArray[72] = NotAFinding
statusArray[73] = NotAFinding
statusArray[74] = NotAFinding
statusArray[75] = NotAFinding
statusArray[76] = NotAFinding
statusArray[77] = NotAFinding
statusArray[78] = NotAFinding
statusArray[79] = NotAFinding
statusArray[80] = NotAFinding
statusArray[81] = NotAFinding
statusArray[82] = NotAFinding
statusArray[83] = NotAFinding
statusArray[84] = NotAFinding
statusArray[85] = NotAFinding
statusArray[86] = NotAFinding
statusArray[87] = NotAFinding
statusArray[88] = NotAFinding
statusArray[89] = NotAFinding
statusArray[90] = NotAFinding
statusArray[91] = NotAFinding
statusArray[92] = NotAFinding
statusArray[93] = NotAFinding
statusArray[94] = NotAFinding
statusArray[95] = NotAFinding
statusArray[96] = NotAFinding
statusArray[97] = NotAFinding
statusArray[98] = NotAFinding
statusArray[99] = NotAFinding
statusArray[100] = NotAFinding
statusArray[101] = NotAFinding
statusArray[102] = NotAFinding
statusArray[103] = NotAFinding
statusArray[104] = NotAFinding
statusArray[105] = NotAFinding
statusArray[106] = NotAFinding
statusArray[107] = NotAFinding
statusArray[108] = NotAFinding
statusArray[109] = NotAFinding
statusArray[110] = NotAFinding
statusArray[111] = NotAFinding
statusArray[112] = NotAFinding
statusArray[113] = NotAFinding
statusArray[114] = NotAFinding
statusArray[115] = NotAFinding
statusArray[116] = NotAFinding
statusArray[117] = NotAFinding
statusArray[118] = NotAFinding
statusArray[119] = NotAFinding
statusArray[120] = NotAFinding
statusArray[121] = NotAFinding
statusArray[122] = NotAFinding
statusArray[123] = NotAFinding
statusArray[124] = NotAFinding
statusArray[125] = NotAFinding
statusArray[126] = NotAFinding
statusArray[127] = NotAFinding
statusArray[128] = NotAFinding
statusArray[129] = NotAFinding
statusArray[130] = NotAFinding
statusArray[131] = NotAFinding
statusArray[132] = NotAFinding
statusArray[133] = NotAFinding
statusArray[134] = NotAFinding
statusArray[135] = NotAFinding
statusArray[136] = NotAFinding
statusArray[137] = NotAFinding
statusArray[138] = NotAFinding
statusArray[139] = NotAFinding
statusArray[140] = NotAFinding
statusArray[141] = NotAFinding
statusArray[142] = NotAFinding
statusArray[143] = NotAFinding
statusArray[144] = NotAFinding
statusArray[145] = NotAFinding
statusArray[146] = NotAFinding
statusArray[147] = NotAFinding
statusArray[148] = NotAFinding
statusArray[149] = NotAFinding
statusArray[150] = NotAFinding
statusArray[151] = NotAFinding
statusArray[152] = NotAFinding
statusArray[153] = NotAFinding
statusArray[154] = NotAFinding
statusArray[155] = NotAFinding
statusArray[156] = NotAFinding
statusArray[157] = NotAFinding
statusArray[158] = NotAFinding
statusArray[159] = NotAFinding
statusArray[160] = NotAFinding
statusArray[161] = NotAFinding
statusArray[162] = NotAFinding
statusArray[163] = NotAFinding
statusArray[164] = NotAFinding
statusArray[165] = NotAFinding
statusArray[166] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[167] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[168] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[169] = NotAFinding
statusArray[170] = NotAFinding
statusArray[171] = Open
statusArray[172] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[173] = NotAFinding
statusArray[174] = NotAFinding
statusArray[175] = NotAFinding
statusArray[176] = NotAFinding
statusArray[177] = NotAFinding
statusArray[178] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[179] = NotAFinding
statusArray[180] = NotAFinding
statusArray[181] = NotAFinding
statusArray[182] = NotAFinding
statusArray[183] = NotAFinding
statusArray[184] = NotAFinding
statusArray[185] = NotAFinding
statusArray[186] = NotAFinding
statusArray[187] = NotAFinding
statusArray[188] = NotAFinding
statusArray[189] = NotAFinding
statusArray[190] = NotAFinding
statusArray[191] = NotAFinding
statusArray[192] = NotAFinding
statusArray[193] = NotAFinding
statusArray[194] = NotAFinding
statusArray[195] = NotAFinding
statusArray[196] = NotAFinding
statusArray[197] = NotAFinding
statusArray[198] = NotAFinding
statusArray[199] = NotAFinding
statusArray[200] = NotAFinding
statusArray[201] = NotAFinding
statusArray[202] = NotAFinding
statusArray[203] = NotAFinding
statusArray[204] = NotAFinding
statusArray[205] = NotAFinding
statusArray[206] = NotAFinding
statusArray[207] = NotAFinding
statusArray[208] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[209] = NotAFinding
statusArray[210] = NotAFinding
statusArray[211] = NotAFinding
statusArray[212] = NotAFinding
statusArray[213] = NotAFinding
statusArray[214] = NotAFinding
statusArray[215] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[216] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[217] = NotAFinding
statusArray[218] = NotAFinding
statusArray[219] = NotAFinding
statusArray[220] = NotAFinding
statusArray[221] = NotAFinding
statusArray[222] = NotAFinding
statusArray[223] = NotAFinding
statusArray[224] = NotAFinding
statusArray[225] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[226] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[227] = NotAFinding
statusArray[228] = NotAFinding
statusArray[229] = NotAFinding
statusArray[230] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[231] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[232] = NotAFinding
statusArray[233] = NotAFinding
statusArray[234] = NotAFinding
statusArray[235] = NotAFinding
statusArray[236] = Not_Applicable
statusArray[237] = NotAFinding
statusArray[238] = NotAFinding
statusArray[239] = NotAFinding
statusArray[240] = NotAFinding
statusArray[241] = NotAFinding
statusArray[242] = NotAFinding
statusArray[243] = NotAFinding
statusArray[244] = NotAFinding
statusArray[245] = NotAFinding
statusArray[246] = NotAFinding
statusArray[247] = NotAFinding
